{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2820
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17700\viewh10480\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
Agile \
	1. As a vanilla git power-user that has never seen GiggleGit before, I want to understand how to integrate GiggleGit into my current workflow with as litte friction as possible.\
	2. As a team lead onboarding an experienced GiggleGit user, I want to ensure my team can collaborate easily without any issues. \
	3. As a developer evaluating GiggleGit for my team, I want to test it and gain familiarity in a sandbox environment before using it in production.\
		a. TASK:  Set up a sandbox for new users\
		b. TICKET 1: Create a Sanbox Mode\
		--> Implement a feature that allows users to try GiggleGit without changing their existing repositories, and automatically delete test repositories after a certain period. \
		c. TICKET 2: Provide Sample Repositories\
		--> Preload an example repository with common merge, pull, push, etc. scenarios, and include exercises to familiarize new users with all these features. \
\
Formal Requirements\
\
	1. \
		goal: Ensure SnickerSync provides an intuitive experience that differentiates from other, less engaging merge tools \
		non-goal: Optimize performance to scale up for a large corporation\
	2. \
		NFR: Only approved faculty members, like PMs and researchers, should be able to modify the "sync with a snicker" that's being tested. \
			FR: Implement access control based on roles to restrict editing access. \
			FR: Log all modifications with timestamps and authors to track edit history. \
		NFR: Randomly assign users to different variants or control groups.\
			FR: Develop or utilize an assignment algorithm to ensure random assignment with normal distribution across groups.\
			FR: Create a separate dashboard for admins, so PMs and researchers can monitor assignments and user interactions. \
\
\
\
\
\
		}